Data/data_case_study_4.md, before:

# Data Case Study 4

Take a look at the landing page for the dataset:<br>
**COVID-19 Vaccine Progress Dashboard Data** <br>
[https://data.ca.gov/dataset/covid-19-vaccine-progress-dashboard-data](https://data.ca.gov/dataset/covid-19-vaccine-progress-dashboard-data)

![california covid data](./images/ca_covid_data.png)

With the information shown above, and using the link provided, answer the following questions:

## Publisher / Host

**Questions**

1. Where is the data hosted?
2. When was the data last updated? 
3. What data is excluded and why?
4. What other types of data would you expect to find there?

## Citation

````{panels}
**Questions**

1. How would you cite the data?
2. Is there an example or recommendation?
---
```{dropdown} Result
    :title: bg-primary text-white text-center font-weight-bold
California Department of Public Health (2021), COVID-19 Vaccine Progress Dashboard Data, California Open Data Portal, https://data.ca.gov/dataset/covid-19-vaccine-progress-dashboard-data
```
````
## Licensing

**Questions**

1. Are you allowed to reuse this dataset?
2. How do you know?

Commit message:

new questions added to each case study

Data/data_case_study_4.md, after:

# Data Case Study 4

Take a look at the landing page for the dataset:<br>
**COVID-19 Vaccine Progress Dashboard Data** <br>
[https://data.ca.gov/dataset/covid-19-vaccine-progress-dashboard-data](https://data.ca.gov/dataset/covid-19-vaccine-progress-dashboard-data)

![california covid data](./images/ca_covid_data.png)

With the information shown above, and using the link provided, answer the following questions:

## Background

**Questions**

1. Why was the data collected?
2. What are the limitations of the data?

## Publisher / Host

**Questions**

1. Where is the data hosted?
2. When was the data last updated? 
3. What data is excluded and why?
4. What other types of data would you expect to find there?

## Citation

````{panels}
**Questions**

1. How would you cite the data?
2. Is there an example or recommendation?
---
```{dropdown} Result
    :title: bg-primary text-white text-center font-weight-bold
California Department of Public Health (2021), COVID-19 Vaccine Progress Dashboard Data, California Open Data Portal, https://data.ca.gov/dataset/covid-19-vaccine-progress-dashboard-data
```
````
## Licensing

**Questions**

1. Are you allowed to reuse this dataset?
2. How do you know?
