Data/data_case_study_5.md, before:

# Data Case Study 5

Take a look at the landing page for the dataset:<br>
**California Department of Corrections Data** <br>
[https://doi.org/10.3886/E108602V2](https://doi.org/10.3886/E108602V2)

![california corrections data](./images/ca_corrections.png)

With the information shown above, and using the link provided, answer the following questions:

## Publisher / Host

**Questions**

1. Where is the data hosted?
2. Is there a theme or subject focus to the repository?
3. What other types of data would you expect to find there?
4. What does the following file tell you about the data?
- california_county_prison_admissions_codebook_1993_2010.pdf

## Citation

````{panels}
**Questions**

1. How would you cite the data?
2. Is there an example or recommendation?
---
```{dropdown} Result
    :title: bg-primary text-white text-center font-weight-bold
Kaplan, Jacob. California Department of Corrections Data . Ann Arbor, MI: Inter-university Consortium for Political and Social Research [distributor], 2021-01-16. https://doi.org/10.3886/E108602V2
```
````

## Licensing

````{panels}
**Questions**

1. Are you allowed to reuse this dataset?
2. How do you know?
---
```{dropdown} Result
    :title: bg-primary text-white text-center font-weight-bold
![License Example](./images/icpsr_license.png)
```
````

Commit message:

new questions added to each case study

Data/data_case_study_5.md, after:

# Data Case Study 5

Take a look at the landing page for the dataset:<br>
**California Department of Corrections Data** <br>
[https://doi.org/10.3886/E108602V2](https://doi.org/10.3886/E108602V2)

![california corrections data](./images/ca_corrections.png)

With the information shown above, and using the link provided, answer the following questions:

## Background

**Questions**

1. Why was the data collected?
2. What are the limitations of the data?

## Publisher / Host

**Questions**

1. Where is the data hosted?
2. Is there a theme or subject focus to the repository?
3. What other types of data would you expect to find there?
4. What does the following file tell you about the data?
- california_county_prison_admissions_codebook_1993_2010.pdf

## Citation

````{panels}
**Questions**

1. How would you cite the data?
2. Is there an example or recommendation?
---
```{dropdown} Result
    :title: bg-primary text-white text-center font-weight-bold
Kaplan, Jacob. California Department of Corrections Data . Ann Arbor, MI: Inter-university Consortium for Political and Social Research [distributor], 2021-01-16. https://doi.org/10.3886/E108602V2
```
````

## Licensing

````{panels}
**Questions**

1. Are you allowed to reuse this dataset?
2. How do you know?
---
```{dropdown} Result
    :title: bg-primary text-white text-center font-weight-bold
![License Example](./images/icpsr_license.png)
```
````
