Data/data_case_study_3.md, before:

# Data Case Study 3

Take a look at the landing page for the dataset:<br>
**Top 20 Largest California Wildfires: 20 wildfires from 1932 to 2018 that burned the most acres in California** <br>
[https://www.kaggle.com/annieichen/top-20-largest-california-wildfires](https://www.kaggle.com/annieichen/top-20-largest-california-wildfires)

![kaggle wildfire](./images/kaggle_wildfire.png)

With the information shown above, and using the link provided, answer the following questions:

## Publisher / Host

**Questions**

1. How do you access the dataset? 
2. Is there a theme or subject focus to the repository?
3. Where else would you expect to find this data?
4. What other types of data would you expect to find there?

## Citation

````{panels}
**Questions**

1. How would you cite the data?
2. Is there an example or recommendation?
---
```{dropdown} Result
    :title: bg-primary text-white text-center font-weight-bold
Cal Fire (2020), Top 20 largest California wildfires, Kaggle, Dataset, https://www.kaggle.com/annieichen/top-20-largest-california-wildfires
```
````

## Licensing

**Questions**

1. Are you allowed to disseminate this dataset?
2. How do you know?

Commit message:

new questions added to each case study

Data/data_case_study_3.md, after:

# Data Case Study 3

Take a look at the landing page for the dataset:<br>
**Top 20 Largest California Wildfires: 20 wildfires from 1932 to 2018 that burned the most acres in California** <br>
[https://www.kaggle.com/annieichen/top-20-largest-california-wildfires](https://www.kaggle.com/annieichen/top-20-largest-california-wildfires)

![kaggle wildfire](./images/kaggle_wildfire.png)

With the information shown above, and using the link provided, answer the following questions:

## Background

**Questions**

1. Why was the data collected?
2. What are the limitations of the data?

## Publisher / Host

**Questions**

1. How do you access the dataset? 
2. Is there a theme or subject focus to the repository?
3. Where else would you expect to find this data?
4. What other types of data would you expect to find there?

## Citation

````{panels}
**Questions**

1. How would you cite the data?
2. Is there an example or recommendation?
---
```{dropdown} Result
    :title: bg-primary text-white text-center font-weight-bold
Cal Fire (2020), Top 20 largest California wildfires, Kaggle, Dataset, https://www.kaggle.com/annieichen/top-20-largest-california-wildfires
```
````

## Licensing

**Questions**

1. Are you allowed to disseminate this dataset?
2. How do you know?
